To brush ones teeth:  First grab the toothpaste tube with your left hand and unscrew the cap with your right.  Next put down the cap and grab your toothbrush with your right hand.  Position the tube nozzle above the bristles of the toothbrush and squeeze the tube.  Once there is a pea sized dallop on the bristles, put down the tube.  Next run the toothbrush bristles underwater and then place then in your mouth.  Place on bottom set of teeth and move back and forth while pressing down lightly.  Make sure to get all the teeth on the bottom row then repeat with the top row.  Take the brush out of your mouth and rinse under water.  Put the toothbrush away and get a cup of water.  Put some water in your mouth and swish around then spit into the sink.  Recap the tube and you're done!     

Pseudocode:
grab the toothpaste tube with your left hand
unscrew the cap with your right
put down the cap and grab your toothbrush with your right hand
Position the tube nozzle above the bristles of the toothbrush and squeeze the tube
Put a pea size dallop on the bristles
put down the tube
run the toothbrush bristles underwater
Place the toothbrish on your bottom row of teeth
Move back and forth while applying slight pressure
do until all bottom teeth have been brushed
repeat on the top set of teeth 
rinse off brush underwater
rinse mouth with water
recap the tueb and put away toothbrush and toothpaste


To Eat an Orange:  First pick up the orange in your right hand.  Next bite the top near the stem to make a small hole in the peel.  Put a finger in the newly made hole and grab hold of the peel.  Pull down to seperate the peel from the edible part inside.  Repeat this step until the entire orange is "peeled".  Break the edible fruit in half and clean out the remaining stem in the center.  Break up the two halfes and enjoy!


Pseudocode:
Grab the orange
bite near the stem to make a hole in the peel
put finger in the hole
grab the peel and pull down
grab another part of the peel and pull off more of the peel
if peel is still on ,repeat until the entire orange has no peel
Split the orange in half
clean out the center of remaining stem
break up two halves into individual pieces
ingest with a smile


Eating Cereal:  First grab a bowl from the cabinet.  Next select the cereal that you want to eat.  Open the box from the top and open the inside plastic bag.  Pour the cereal into the bowl and then close both the plastic and box.  Put the cereal away and grab the milk from the fridge.  Open the milk and Pour the milk into the bowl until about halfway up the bowl.  Recap the milk and put it back in the fridge.  Grab a spoon and put it in the cereal.  Scoop some onto the spoon and put it in your mouth.  Crew and swallow then repeat until no cereal is left.


Pseudocode:
Get bowl from cabinet
select cereal from cabinet
open the top of the box
open the plastic inside the box
start pouring the contents of the box into the bowl 
once the bowl is full, stop pouring
close the box and put back in the cabinet
open the fridg and grab the milk
open the milk and pour into the bowl
if the milk is less than halfway up the side of the bowl, then keep pouring
recap the milk and put back in fridge
close fridge
grab a spoon 
put spoon in cereal and scoop
put spoon in mouth and chew
if there is still cereal in the bowl, repeat previous two steps
